README.md, before:

# Impulse Tabs
Replace your Chrome new tab with productive, inspirational and motivational Impulse Tabs!

## Technology
**Impulse Tabs** uses React. Check out the following links to learn more:
- [React](https://facebook.github.io/react/)
- [Chrome extensions](https://developer.chrome.com/extensions/overview)
- [Material UI](http://www.material-ui.com)

## Project setup
The project setup requires `npm` or `yarn` (recommended)

Install `yarn` globally from [here](https://yarnpkg.com/en/docs/install).

For the rest of the project setup I'll be using `yarn`, however the project can be setup similarily setup using `npm`. Although I would still highly recommend `yarn`.

Install (add) `create-react-app` globally:

```bash
sudo yarn global add create-react-app
```

Clone the project. If you wish to contribute then fork the repo and clone your own repo:

```bash
git clone https://github.com/divyanshu013/impulse-tabs.git
```

-or-

```bash
git clone https://github.com/{your username}/{your repo}
```

`cd` into the project root:

```bash
cd impulse-tabs
```

Install dependencies:

```bash
yarn install
```

Impulse Tabs should be setup in a while and ready to hack on to!

## Running locally and generating a build for Chrome

It's not necessary to generate a build everytime you make a change. All the changes can be observed locally and will be hot deployed, just run:

```bash
yarn start
```

When you're happy with your changes and wish to check the extension on Chrome (or Chromium), just load the extension from the `build` directory after running the following build command:

```bash
yarn build
```

This will also copy the `manifest.json` file into the build directory, so any changes required for the manifest should be made before deploying build. You can also manually copy this `manifest.json` manually into the build directory if it fails.

Once the extension is loaded into Chrome (or Chromium), it'll automatically pick up changes from the build directory, so for a newer build you only need to run the build command and reload your Chrome (or Chromium) new tab.

## Contribution guide

In order to add new components to the app, follow a similar structure as for the already added component.

The new component should have its own directory inside `src/components`. The new components should be include in the `src/App.js` file which will be rendered into the DOM via `src/index.js`.

All the global stylings should be added to `src/App.css` and any component specific stylings should be added to the component itself (the React way of styling). See [this](https://facebook.github.io/react/docs/dom-elements.html#style) link for additional info.

The app is currently under development, feel free to suggest features and send pull requests. :smile_cat:

Happy Hacking! :metal:

Commit message:

Use stylus to split css into modules

README.md, after:

# Impulse Tabs
Replace your Chrome new tab with productive, inspirational and motivational Impulse Tabs!

## Technology
**Impulse Tabs** uses React. Check out the following links to learn more:
- [React](https://facebook.github.io/react/)
- [Chrome extensions](https://developer.chrome.com/extensions/overview)
- [Material UI](http://www.material-ui.com)

## Project setup
The project setup requires `npm` or `yarn` (recommended)

Install `yarn` globally from [here](https://yarnpkg.com/en/docs/install).

For the rest of the project setup I'll be using `yarn`, however the project can be setup similarily setup using `npm`. Although I would still highly recommend `yarn`.

Install (add) `create-react-app` globally:

```bash
sudo yarn global add create-react-app
```

Clone the project. If you wish to contribute then fork the repo and clone your own repo:

```bash
git clone https://github.com/divyanshu013/impulse-tabs.git
```

-or-

```bash
git clone https://github.com/{your username}/{your repo}
```

`cd` into the project root:

```bash
cd impulse-tabs
```

Install dependencies:

```bash
yarn install
```

Impulse Tabs should be setup in a while and ready to hack on to!

## Running locally and generating a build for Chrome

It's not necessary to generate a build everytime you make a change. All the changes can be observed locally and will be hot deployed, just run:

```bash
yarn start
```

Generating styles using **stylus**

```bash
yarn styles
```

-or

```bash
yarn styles:watch
```

When you're happy with your changes and wish to check the extension on Chrome (or Chromium), just load the extension from the `build` directory after running the following build command:

```bash
yarn build
```

This will also copy the `manifest.json` file into the build directory, so any changes required for the manifest should be made before deploying build. You can also manually copy this `manifest.json` manually into the build directory if it fails.

Once the extension is loaded into Chrome (or Chromium), it'll automatically pick up changes from the build directory, so for a newer build you only need to run the build command and reload your Chrome (or Chromium) new tab.

## Contribution guide

In order to add new components to the app, follow a similar structure as for the already added component.

The new component should have its own directory inside `src/components`. The new components should be include in the `src/App.js` file which will be rendered into the DOM via `src/index.js`.

All the global stylings should be added to `src/styles/styles.styls` and any essential component specific stylings should be added to the component itself (the React way of styling). Also I found that it's better to have all the layout and presentational stylings (which are non essential to the behaviour of the component) in a separate `src/styles/_components.styl` file which makes it easier to create better looking UI. `scr/App.css` is the autogenerated file from **stylus**. See [this](https://facebook.github.io/react/docs/dom-elements.html#style) link for additional info.

The app is currently under development, feel free to suggest features and send pull requests. :smile_cat:

Happy Hacking! :metal:
